Widgets 2.0 (#4028)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/widgets/service_summary.md

---
title: Service Summary Widget
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "graphing/dashboards/screenboard/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Screenboard"
---

> The service summary displays the graphs of a chosen [service][1] in your Screenboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service summary displays the graphs of a chosen [service][1] in your screenboard.
```

{{< img src="graphing/widgets/service_summary/service_summary.png" alt="service summary" responsive="true">}}

## Setup

{{< img src="graphing/widgets/service_summary/service_summary_setup.png" alt="service summary setup" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

### Configuration

1. Select an [environment][2] and a [service][1].
2. Select a widget size.
3. Select the information to display:
    * Hits
    * Errors
    * Latency
    * Breakdown
    * Distribution
    * Resource

> 4. Choose your display preference, by selecting a timeframe and the amount of column to display your graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose your display preference by selecting a timeframe and the number of column to display your graphs across.
```
